Game has  player
          stock boards
          

          Player has  bank account (cash)
                      net worth (cash + portfolio value + assets)
                      portfolio
                      assets (used like mini games. i.e. do you wnat to invest in a painting or bway show ect..., buy a house... ect)

          Stock boards  have stocks

                        stocks have
                          cost
                          past values [array]
                          future values [array]
                          volitility(how widely they will swing)
                          min and max value
                        
                        stocks belong to
                                    a category like industrial, bonds, tech whatever.
                                    category sets the volitiliy and others way stocks will behave


                        ave value(calcuated not an attr)

          later:

          advisors 'see the future' and will give advice based on cost and chance.
          Headline in news paper every day, like a free advisor (maybe looks ahead but not as far as advisor?)


Stocks:

These are basically rip offs of real life company
names. There are four types of stocks - blue chip,
speculative, growth, and cyclical. 

Every week the same type of stocks rise and fall. 
Early on the same stock will stay at number 1 for days,
but later in the game, it switches from one stock to the
next. This makes it more difficult to guess which one
will be the hottest stock. However, knowing what types
of stocks are popular gives you a better chance. 

It's a weekly thing. Two types of stocks are popular
all week and then next at least one of them will 
usually change to something else, sometimes both 
will. Basically, any of the stocks included in that 
type will rise a little. Some more than others though, 
which is indicated by the five hot stocks of the day 
list. That varies much more than the type of stocks do. 


---------------
Blue Chip - least volatile, highest floor
---------------
ATNT
Boing
Xearox
YBM
Yapple

--------------
Speculative - most volatile, highest ceiling(in terms of pertcentage from start?)
--------------
Bethleham
Chryer
Pan Am
Strayhound
Teradying

--------------
Growth - these should tend to go up but not by a lot
--------------
American Depress
Exconrail
Firedman's
Reebucks
C. Schlob

--------------
Cyclical - dependant on over all economay, find a way to derive these prices based on totals on each board plus interest rates?
--------------
Carnivore
Centipede
Coughman
Marrinot
Rattel